cmd/packer-sdc/internal/renderdocs/docs-partials/packer-plugin-sdk/multistep/commonsteps/CDConfig-not-required.mdx, before:

<!-- Code generated from the comments of the CDConfig struct in multistep/commonsteps/extra_iso_config.go; DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY -->

- `cd_files` ([]string) - A list of files to place onto a CD that is attached when the VM is
  booted. This can include either files or directories; any directories
  will be copied onto the CD recursively, preserving directory structure
  hierarchy. Symlinks will have the link's target copied into the directory
  tree on the CD where the symlink was. File globbing is allowed.
  
  Usage example (JSON):
  
  ```json
  "cd_files": ["./somedirectory/meta-data", "./somedirectory/user-data"],
  "cd_label": "cidata",
  ```
  
  Usage example (HCL):
  
  ```hcl
  cd_files = ["./somedirectory/meta-data", "./somedirectory/user-data"]
  cd_label = "cidata"
  ```
  
  The above will create a CD with two files, user-data and meta-data in the
  CD root. This specific example is how you would create a CD that can be
  used for an Ubuntu 20.04 autoinstall.
  
  Since globbing is also supported,
  
  ```hcl
  cd_files = ["./somedirectory/*"]
  cd_label = "cidata"
  ```
  
  Would also be an acceptable way to define the above cd. The difference
  between providing the directory with or without the glob is whether the
  directory itself or its contents will be at the CD root.
  
  Use of this option assumes that you have a command line tool installed
  that can handle the iso creation. Packer will use one of the following
  tools:
  
    * xorriso
    * mkisofs
    * hdiutil (normally found in macOS)
    * oscdimg (normally found in Windows as part of the Windows ADK)

- `cd_label` (string) - CD Label

<!-- End of code generated from the comments of the CDConfig struct in multistep/commonsteps/extra_iso_config.go; -->

Commit message:

CDConfig: Add cd_content for file templating (#61)
* CDConfig: Add cd_content for file templating + tests

Co-authored-by: Adrien Delorme <azr@users.noreply.github.com>

cmd/packer-sdc/internal/renderdocs/docs-partials/packer-plugin-sdk/multistep/commonsteps/CDConfig-not-required.mdx, after:

<!-- Code generated from the comments of the CDConfig struct in multistep/commonsteps/extra_iso_config.go; DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY -->

- `cd_files` ([]string) - A list of files to place onto a CD that is attached when the VM is
  booted. This can include either files or directories; any directories
  will be copied onto the CD recursively, preserving directory structure
  hierarchy. Symlinks will have the link's target copied into the directory
  tree on the CD where the symlink was. File globbing is allowed.
  
  Usage example (JSON):
  
  ```json
  "cd_files": ["./somedirectory/meta-data", "./somedirectory/user-data"],
  "cd_label": "cidata",
  ```
  
  Usage example (HCL):
  
  ```hcl
  cd_files = ["./somedirectory/meta-data", "./somedirectory/user-data"]
  cd_label = "cidata"
  ```
  
  The above will create a CD with two files, user-data and meta-data in the
  CD root. This specific example is how you would create a CD that can be
  used for an Ubuntu 20.04 autoinstall.
  
  Since globbing is also supported,
  
  ```hcl
  cd_files = ["./somedirectory/*"]
  cd_label = "cidata"
  ```
  
  Would also be an acceptable way to define the above cd. The difference
  between providing the directory with or without the glob is whether the
  directory itself or its contents will be at the CD root.
  
  Use of this option assumes that you have a command line tool installed
  that can handle the iso creation. Packer will use one of the following
  tools:
  
    * xorriso
    * mkisofs
    * hdiutil (normally found in macOS)
    * oscdimg (normally found in Windows as part of the Windows ADK)

- `cd_content` (map[string]string) - Key/Values to add to the CD. The keys represent the paths, and the values
  contents. It can be used alongside `cd_files`, which is useful to add large
  files without loading them into memory. If any paths are specified by both,
  the contents in `cd_content` will take precedence.
  
  Usage example (HCL):
  
  ```hcl
  cd_files = ["vendor-data"]
  cd_content = {
    "meta-data" = jsonencode(local.instance_data)
    "user-data" = templatefile("user-data", { packages = ["nginx"] })
  }
  cd_label = "cidata"
  ```

- `cd_label` (string) - CD Label

<!-- End of code generated from the comments of the CDConfig struct in multistep/commonsteps/extra_iso_config.go; -->
