cmd/packer-sdc/internal/renderdocs/docs-partials/packer-plugin-sdk/multistep/commonsteps/FloppyConfig-not-required.mdx, before:

<!-- Code generated from the comments of the FloppyConfig struct in multistep/commonsteps/floppy_config.go; DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY -->

- `floppy_files` ([]string) - A list of files to place onto a floppy disk that is attached when the VM
  is booted. Currently, no support exists for creating sub-directories on
  the floppy. Wildcard characters (\\*, ?, and \[\]) are allowed. Directory
  names are also allowed, which will add all the files found in the
  directory to the floppy.

- `floppy_dirs` ([]string) - A list of directories to place onto the floppy disk recursively. This is
  similar to the `floppy_files` option except that the directory structure
  is preserved. This is useful for when your floppy disk includes drivers
  or if you just want to organize it's contents as a hierarchy. Wildcard
  characters (\\*, ?, and \[\]) are allowed. The maximum summary size of
  all files in the listed directories are the same as in `floppy_files`.

- `floppy_label` (string) - Floppy Label

<!-- End of code generated from the comments of the FloppyConfig struct in multistep/commonsteps/floppy_config.go; -->

Commit message:

Add `floppy_content` parameter in `FloppyConfig` (#82)
* Add floppy_content parameter + tests

Signed-off-by: Stéphane Este-Gracias <sestegra@gmail.com>

cmd/packer-sdc/internal/renderdocs/docs-partials/packer-plugin-sdk/multistep/commonsteps/FloppyConfig-not-required.mdx, after:

<!-- Code generated from the comments of the FloppyConfig struct in multistep/commonsteps/floppy_config.go; DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY -->

- `floppy_files` ([]string) - A list of files to place onto a floppy disk that is attached when the VM
  is booted. Currently, no support exists for creating sub-directories on
  the floppy. Wildcard characters (\\*, ?, and \[\]) are allowed. Directory
  names are also allowed, which will add all the files found in the
  directory to the floppy.

- `floppy_dirs` ([]string) - A list of directories to place onto the floppy disk recursively. This is
  similar to the `floppy_files` option except that the directory structure
  is preserved. This is useful for when your floppy disk includes drivers
  or if you just want to organize it's contents as a hierarchy. Wildcard
  characters (\\*, ?, and \[\]) are allowed. The maximum summary size of
  all files in the listed directories are the same as in `floppy_files`.

- `floppy_content` (map[string]string) - Key/Values to add to the floppy disk. The keys represent the paths, and
  the values contents. It can be used alongside `floppy_files` or
  `floppy_dirs`, which is useful to add large files without loading them
  into memory. If any paths are specified by both, the contents in
  `floppy_content` will take precedence.
  
  Usage example (HCL):
  
  ```hcl
  floppy_files = ["vendor-data"]
  floppy_content = {
    "meta-data" = jsonencode(local.instance_data)
    "user-data" = templatefile("user-data", { packages = ["nginx"] })
  }
  floppy_label = "cidata"
  ```

- `floppy_label` (string) - Floppy Label

<!-- End of code generated from the comments of the FloppyConfig struct in multistep/commonsteps/floppy_config.go; -->
