website/content/partials/multistep/commonsteps/HTTPConfig-not-required.mdx, before:

<!-- Code generated from the comments of the HTTPConfig struct in multistep/commonsteps/http_config.go; DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY -->

- `http_directory` (string) - Path to a directory to serve using an HTTP server. The files in this
  directory will be available over HTTP that will be requestable from the
  virtual machine. This is useful for hosting kickstart files and so on.
  By default this is an empty string, which means no HTTP server will be
  started. The address and port of the HTTP server will be available as
  variables in `boot_command`. This is covered in more detail below.

- `http_port_min` (int) - These are the minimum and maximum port to use for the HTTP server
  started to serve the `http_directory`. Because Packer often runs in
  parallel, Packer will choose a randomly available port in this range to
  run the HTTP server. If you want to force the HTTP server to be on one
  port, make this minimum and maximum port the same. By default the values
  are `8000` and `9000`, respectively.

- `http_port_max` (int) - HTTP Port Max

- `http_bind_address` (string) - This is the bind address for the HTTP server. Defaults to 0.0.0.0 so that
  it will work with any network interface.

Commit message:

`HTTPConfig `: Add http_content to be served (#43)
* test
* docs

website/content/partials/multistep/commonsteps/HTTPConfig-not-required.mdx, after:

<!-- Code generated from the comments of the HTTPConfig struct in multistep/commonsteps/http_config.go; DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY -->

- `http_directory` (string) - Path to a directory to serve using an HTTP server. The files in this
  directory will be available over HTTP that will be requestable from the
  virtual machine. This is useful for hosting kickstart files and so on.
  By default this is an empty string, which means no HTTP server will be
  started. The address and port of the HTTP server will be available as
  variables in `boot_command`. This is covered in more detail below.

- `http_content` (map[string]string) - Key/Values to serve using an HTTP server. http_content works like and
  conflicts with http_directory The keys represent the paths and the values
  contents. This is useful for hosting kickstart files and so on. By
  default this is empty, which means no HTTP server will be started. The
  address and port of the HTTP server will be available as variables in
  `boot_command`. This is covered in more detail below. Example: Setting
  `"foo/bar"="baz"`, will allow you to http get on
  `http://{http_ip}:{http_port}/foo/bar`.

- `http_port_min` (int) - These are the minimum and maximum port to use for the HTTP server
  started to serve the `http_directory`. Because Packer often runs in
  parallel, Packer will choose a randomly available port in this range to
  run the HTTP server. If you want to force the HTTP server to be on one
  port, make this minimum and maximum port the same. By default the values
  are `8000` and `9000`, respectively.

- `http_port_max` (int) - HTTP Port Max

- `http_bind_address` (string) - This is the bind address for the HTTP server. Defaults to 0.0.0.0 so that
  it will work with any network interface.
